Shh
I can see the shock written all over
your face is already yes I finally
returned with another gun on video oh
and yes I have lost track of how many
times have said a similar thing for the
love of God these guys need a new hobby
that isn't pestering me for this entire
game
oh well at least that particular factor
is pretty effortless and painless
now is it just me or do I always seem to
fuck up when the enemy is on death's
door okay here's a speedrunning tip you
might already know about if you go the
tension bar charged high enough you can
use your God hand and open the door
without having to do this long bit off
to the right
hey
nice I should be the one asking that
what the hell are you doing running away
from me like a big fat baby I just got
thinking how stupid must these guys be
the sign up for this evil demon henchmen
job I can just see the wanted poster now
wanted random people to be beaten up by
God hand person hey no one swears in
these videos with me
Oh
huh I've seen the abyss I've seen what
no one should see haha excellent I need
a dancing partner here we go one-two
one-two one-two one-two one-two one-two
n bows this is getting a little later
pan here we go Conda never given them a
present
then everything to like my presence then
why
nice
right well gene here punches a face that
should not be on a door the wee thing I
mentioned in my comments box in the main
channel page a while back well basically
is to do the wii freeloader you see i
bought a wii freeloader and no more
heroes and super smash brothers brought
both us copies because i've got a power
machine and i can tell you that even
with the absolute latest firmware
updates the disc works flawlessly
ok seriously I'm sick today from coma
thing and every single demon appearance
in the entire bloody game so from now on
whenever there's a demon appearance I'm
just going to do this
doc
well that went pretty swimmingly I
didn't even unleash the gone home
right now whilst I will continue the god
hand video series to its inevitable
conclusion I do have a couple of other
videos and pipeline that I want to work
on you know what to say variety is the
spice of life and I can tell you right
now that one of the videos will be about
capcom's delightful zombie fest that is
dead rising at the xbox 360 so until
next time folks and hopefully we'll have
some more news on this matter